CDS-79614 Bash is actually sh (#3386)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/cd-steps/utilities/shell-script-step.md

### Script Type

Select **Bash** or **Powershell**.

When the script in the Shell Script step is run, Harness executes the script on the target host's or Delegate's operating system. Consequently, the behavior of the script depends on their system settings.

If you select **Bash**, Harness will use `sh` because it is standardized and portable across POSIX systems.

To support different host systems, or to explicit set the **Bash** option to use bash, you should begin your script with a shebang line that identifies the shell language, such as `#!/bin/sh` (shell), `#!/bin/bash` (bash), or `#!/bin/dash` (dash). 

> For more information, see the [Bash manual](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/html_node/index.html#SEC_Contents) from the GNU project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, go to the [Bash manual](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/html_node/index.html#SEC_Contents) from the GNU project.
```

When the script in the Shell Script step is run, Harness executes the script on the target host's or Delegate's operating system. Consequently, the behavior of the script depends on their system settings.

If you select **Bash**, Harness will use `sh` because it is standardized and portable across POSIX systems.

> To support different host systems, or to explicit set the **Bash** option to use bash, you should begin your script with a shebang line that identifies the shell language, such as `#!/bin/sh` (shell), `#!/bin/bash` (bash), or `#!/bin/dash` (dash). For more information, see the [Bash manual](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/html_node/index.html#SEC_Contents) from the GNU project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support different host systems, or to explicit set the **Bash** option to use bash, you should begin your script with a shebang line that identifies the shell language, such as `#!/bin/sh` (shell), `#!/bin/bash` (bash), or `#!/bin/dash` (dash). For more information, go to the [Bash manual](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/html_node/index.html#SEC_Contents) from the GNU project.
```
